but Lepore a central suburb of Mumbai is
surrounded all around by tall green
mountains giving a refreshing look to
the place but Lepore has been a
recipient for many awards from various
organizations KVM sees initiative in
implementing eco sanitation technologies
for institutional sanitation the first
guard cave baba cleanliness mission
award best water management municipal by
water awards and recognized by UNESCO to
name a few
its close proximity to the city to the
mumbai-pune expressway and to Vashi
through the MIDC road it is in such a
serene and advantageous environment that
raj group offers its new venture Mohan
Tosi Bihar a combination of luxurious
homes and palatial mansions spread over
14 acres the project we developed by
Mahadev crew who nirmaan company has on
offer one two and three bedroom
apartments every need from education to
health care markets to entertainment is
conveniently located but Lepore station
is just seven minutes away from the
complex the stilt plus seven story tours
are built on earthquake resistant RCC
structure walking through the
beautifully conceived complex a feeling
of comfort envelops you exuding a
feeling of comfort and security
the tall elegant aesthetically designed
cluster of tars provides a heavenly
space the entire complex comprising of
40 towers takes great pride in its
beautifully landscaped gardens enjoy
refreshing times amidst lush greenery in
the three gardens open space under the
blue skies surrounded by greenery can be
further enjoyed in the three pocket
gardens celebrate various occasions in
the open air well-maintained party lon
the elevations in the gardens are very
uniquely designed
we have the specially made children's
play area which is well equipped with
colorful slides and swings erected on a
sandpit various programs can be held at
the amphitheater develop healthy habits
by swimming regularly the clear blue
waters of the pool are always inviting
one to enjoy a good swim daily jogs can
be enjoyed on the well-made jogging
tracks that are surrounded by lush
greenery on all sides
the clubhouse has separate space for
those who believe in training the mind
and body through yoga exercise freaks
can enjoy great workouts at the
state-of-the-art gymnasium separate
space is allocated for men and women
so that ladies and gents can enjoy their
own private space for daily workouts in
the gym
no matter what the size of your vehicle
at Mohan Bihar there is ample car
parking space at ground level the lift
lobby is very well designed taking you
safely to your residence are branded
lives with far back are rich luxurious
interiors make the apartments here every
owners pride airy and spacious these
apartments have plastic distemper paint
on internal walls and acrylic paint on
external walls all the rooms maintain
consistency in having to buy to vitrify
flooring that lends its own charm to the
apartment the living and bedrooms are
well designed with decorative cornices
in P o P in hansung the beauty of the
apartments are the concealed copper
wiring with adequate electrical points
telephone lines are also provided for
the kitchen in every apartment is
thoughtfully designed with granite
platform and stainless steel sink dado
till the sill level and full height
place tiles in the kitchen adds an
elegant look to the kitchen
the plumbing is all concealed in the
bathroom giving it a neat finish the
design of bathrooms have seven feet
ceramic tiles that enhances its look
laminated wooden flash doors with powder
coated aluminium slight windows ensure
the aesthetic beauty of the apartment
feel safe and secured at Mohan Tosi
Bihar as it is well equipped with
firefighting and detection equipment
security is further in short by
providing intercom facility create your
own personal heaven right here in Mohan
Tosi Bihar a place that reflects your
personality with its luxurious offerings
that will fits a king let's the serenity
of the environment envelop you totally
feel the freshness of the surroundings
in every breath you take live in style
in your dream house at mohanthal CVR
Mohonk Dorsey Bihar your heaven of joy
and peace